vault: docs and product-hardening for deny_slash_in_templated_paths (#2727)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v1.21.x/content/docs/concepts/production-hardening.mdx

- **Use an outbound network proxy**. You can configure Vault to access a wide
  range of network services and endpoints. In addition to network segmentation,
  we recommend using an outbound proxy to further restrict and observe Vault
  traffic.

- **Set `deny_slash_in_templated_paths`**. We recommend setting
  [`deny_slash_in_templated_paths`](/vault/docs/configuration#deny_slash_in_templated_paths)
  to `true` in your Vault configuration. This prevents unintended access by

>   ensuring that Vault returns a permission denied response when slashes are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Set `deny_slash_in_templated_paths`**. To prevent unintended access, we
  recommend setting
  [`deny_slash_in_templated_paths`](/vault/docs/configuration#deny_slash_in_templated_paths)
  to `true` in your Vault configuration. Denying slashes ensures that Vault
  returns a permission denied response when templated policy paths include
  slashes.
```
Edited to match previous suggestion
